\section{Discussion} \subsection{Unity Simulation Performance} In general the
simulations have performed quite horrible when having bigger populations. Some
ideas to improve performance is restricting how objects collide. Either by
creating layers matching the number of candidates in each generation or make
friction of drop object and terrain rather high. Alternatively just remove any
rigid body on the drop object when colliding with terrain. The latter might
require some additional tweaks to the test arena ie. some cubes that elevate
the candidates such that an rag doll sitting in a chair with feet planted not
collides with the surrounding terrain but only that elevate area.

\subsection{Voxel Mass on Candidates} It has been quite troublesome to find a
suitable weight for every voxel. Seing the fitness depends on whether the
candidate has moved or rotated it is quite important to balance the mass of the
drop test object in regards to the candidate objects mass, which varies alot
based on morphology. While the current mass used, 0.015 per voxel, seems to
provide structures of roughly 1/4 of the drop objects mass, we would suggest to
perform additional studies to determine the ideal value. The current value was
more or less chosen arbitrarly by trial-and-tweak until something which was not
entirely unstable compared to our perception of how such physics objects should
behave.

\subsection{Rag Doll - Ethan} Looking at the results from the simulations it
would have been very productive to be more thorough when generating the rag
doll for testing. Especially when using the built-in tool in Unity, one should
be very mindfull about which values are chosen for which extremities. Incorrect
values can force the extremities to move irradically or make arms pop out from
the hips and similar.
